Hey everyone this is Pastor Dwayne from the
Point beach campus and i'm excited to share.
as we wrap up mark chapter fourteen and like i've been saying over the last couple of weeks.
where in in the last week of jesus's life it's it's passion week.
But here's where it gets more
intense we see Jesus
In the end of this chapter,
Get arrested.
But here's the thing, he still has you and I.
In mind,
And I want to ask you this question as we go into this takeaway. It is this, have you ever felt
That you failed at something.
That you blew it.
and i think when we fail we get to this place where it's this process of recovery it's it's painful at times depending on the.
The depth of our failure. And maybe you finding yourself that you haven't recovered, or maybe you're
I'm not sure if you're a fan of the road to recovery or you look back and you're just like, man, I remember
That moment and that's we
Enter into this week's takeaway.
Want to leave you or or at least put this out there your failure can lead to redemption
Or destruction.
And Jesus allows us
To choose
and as we read the end of this chapter we see Peter again he's gung-ho he
he wants to go out there he's all for jesus and and as jesus comes to this place where he gets arrested.
It doesn't name him in this
chapter, but we know it's Peter and John, but in Mark chapter 14 and 47 it says, "Then one of those standing there,
Nair drew his sword.
And struck the servant of the high priest, cutting,
off his ear it was peter
and you see peter in this this moment of bravery he he acts out he's all for jesus but at the same time.
We see the beginning of this downfall.
We know that Jesus heals the man's ear and as he's approaching the Sanhedrin, he's now on trial and in verse 54, the same Peter
Later.
Who struck
The the the servant of the high priest heir the soldier the high priest is now
Following from a distance and
1 Timothy 1, verse 14 and verse 54 says, Peter followed him and
At a distance, right into the courtyard of the high priest. There he sat.
But the guards informed himself.
at
The fire.
i i look at just failure sometimes the first signs of failure is is this drift.
um whatever it is it could be a drift in a relationship or at one time you was excited or passionate about it and here we see this drift.
From.
Jesus you ever felt that you
have drifted from Jesus can I say this lovingly drifting from Jesus is never
A good.
idea and jesus is always trying to close that distance between himself.
And us, but many times we are drifting away and we see Peter drifting away.
from Jesus. And I wanted to say to you, if you've felt like you've drifted away from Jesus as Jesus pursues you, why aren't you close to Cap?
And so that you could actually walk closer.
to Jesus and and as we go through this Peter cannot hide everywhere he walks as he's watching the trial from a distance people are asking him all kinds of
kinds of questions. You knew him. I've seen you with him. You're from Galilee. So as much as he's trying to create distance, uh,
Everybody recognizes that he at one time followed.
Jesus, and as we get towards thee,
The end of the chapter,
In verse 71 and 72 it says,
As Peter's being asked, finally he gets fed up.
and the words of jesus reign true verse seventy one it says he began to call down curses this is peter and he swore to them.
I don't know this man you're talking about.
In verse 72 it says, immediately the rooster crowed.
The second time.
Then Peter remembered the word Jesus had spoken to him.
Before the rooster crows twice, you will disown me three times.
And he broke down.
And wept.
We see this process
of this failure in in Peter's life first there was this
Denial
that he ever knew Jesus. Remember a week ago he was saying, "I will die with you."
But now he's saying,
He never walked with Jesus. he never was around him. he never knew him.
And as this comes true you see that he breaks breakdown
He breaks down and he weeps. it's like a scene.
In a movie.
it seems like it's.
it's over.
Seemed like Peter,
Has failed.
and like I said at the beginning
The takeaway is
That failure itself can be redeemed
Or it can lead to destruction.
But but but you
have to choose. Jesus allows us to choose. And I think about
Judas, when he realizes that he betrayed the Messiah, he doesn't choose to repent, but he goes on.
And he ends up taking his own life.
Versus where Peter, he breaks down,, but as we go forward, we see that Peter,
is restored and sometimes failure.
It's extremely painful.
But at the same time, it is a great lesson.
And so if you've ever felt like you failed,
One thing that you can do is listen and learn.
From your failures. one of the things that we learn from our failures that we can never be overconfident.
And we always realize that we have to have this level of
Humility,
But if Jesus allows us
To choose
Here's the choice that Jesus wants you to make. He wants you to choose to redeem it.
And if you allow Jesus
To redeem your failure
Then failure does not have the last word.
In your life
and so like I said at the beginning
Have you ever failed at something?
If you're living
Through a failure, if you failed at something recently,
Allow Jesus to redeem it.
and as you go through your questions and groups begin to ask people to pray for you. you're you're not alone in this. jesus wants to be with you.
but also your group. Our church wants to be with you as well.
Let's pray together.
Father,
I know we all can admit
that we felt that Peter
Like Peter, sometimes we've drifted.
And even sometimes maybe he has even denied you
But God, I pray that through our failures, we would learn to listen.
And that if we bring those failures to you, that God, that you can redeem it.
So failure does not have the last word.
And I pray for those that are watching. Would you encourage them?
Would you allow them to see that in you?
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.